docs(tip-1065): quantify transfer storage savings (#4313)
tempoxyz/tempo: tips/tip-1065.md

`optedInSupply` updates MUST be based on effective opt-in transitions, preserving the existing supply accounting semantics. A cached `rewardFlag` value MUST NOT be used in a way that changes the result relative to deriving opt-in status from `rewardRecipient`.

## Transfer Storage Accounting

> For a transfer, reward accounting is applied independently to the sender and recipient before their balances are updated. The legacy reward-accounting baseline per participant is reading the whole `UserRewardInfo` struct, which includes `rewardRecipient`, `rewardPerToken`, and `rewardBalance`, plus reading `globalRewardPerToken`; this is 4 `SLOAD`s total. The table below counts reward-accounting storage operations per participant and excludes the balance `SLOAD`s and `SSTORE`s that are still required to move tokens, as well as any `optedInSupply` update caused by moving value between opted-in and opted-out accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a transfer, reward accounting is applied independently to the sender and recipient before their balances are updated. The legacy reward-accounting baseline per participant reads the whole `UserRewardInfo` struct (`rewardRecipient`, `rewardPerToken`, and `rewardBalance`) and `globalRewardPerToken`; this is 4 `SLOAD`s total.

The following table counts reward-accounting storage operations per participant and excludes the balance `SLOAD`s and `SSTORE`s that are still required to move tokens, as well as any `optedInSupply` update caused by moving value between opted-in and opted-out accounts.
```
